oop-programs_with_interesting_classes-easy-q6 (#714)
canvas-gamification/canvas-gamification-junit-tests: src/oop/programs_with_interesting_classes/easy/q6/QuestionText.md

# oop-programs_with_interesting_classes-easy-q6

- Parsons Question

## Question Text

> University courses can get expensive because they often come with supply costs for things like textbooks and lab
> equipment. Make a class called `Course`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
University courses are expensive. Beyond tuition, there are also necessary supply costs, textbooks, and lab equipment. 
Make a class called `Course` to keep track of where the costs are coming from using the requirements below.
Then make a class called `SemesterCost` to test the `Course` class.
```

### Course Class

The `Course` class has the following requirements:

- Attributes
    - Note that none of the attributes in this class should be visible from another class

>     - A `double` attribute called **textBookFee**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A `double` attribute called **textbookFee**
```

    - A `double` attribute called **suppliesFee**
    - A `double` attribute called **labFee**

- Constructors:
    - A constructor visible from another class that accepts three `double` as parameters, and uses the values

>       to initialize the **textBookFee**, **suppliesFee**, and **labFee** attributes in that order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      to initialize the **textbookFee**, **suppliesFee**, and **labFee** attributes in that order.
```

    - Note that this constructor should be visible from all other classes.

- Methods:

>     - A `calcTotalCost` method which returns the sum of the three attributes.

Reviewer: make a note of the visibility of this method

> ### TestSocialMedia class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SemesterCost Class
```

- Main method:

>     - In the main method initalize 5 course classes and the calculate the total cost for each course using the
>       `calcTotalCost` and sum it for all of the courses and the print the total cost of all the courses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - In the main method initalize 5 `Course` objects and then calculate the total cost for each course using the
      `calcTotalCost` method. Sum the total cost for all the courses and then print the semester's cost.
```
